### Conceptual Exercise

Answer the following questions below:

- What is a JWT?
> A JWT or JSON Web Token is a string of code generated to provide authentication for logging into apps. It has three parts: a payload, headers, and a signature. 

- What is the signature portion of the JWT?  What does it do?
> The signature is generated by the backend server and 'signs' the token; the presence of this signature authenticates that the token is coming from the server and not a bad actor with malicious data.

- If a JWT is intercepted, can the attacker see what's inside the payload?
Yes.

- How can you implement authentication with a JWT?  Describe how it works at a high level.
You can install jsonwebtoken and require it in your routes. On the frontend, have a user submit data to the backend login route. If the user submits authenticated data (like a correct username and password), generate a new web token using jwt.sign. This gets returned to the user and can be stored in the session or localstorage, but must be sent with all protected requests and verified using jwt.verify. 

- Compare and contrast unit, integration and end-to-end tests.
Unit testing tests the outcome of individual functions. They focus on very granular details and don't rely on outside dependencies. They can be done using a tool like Jest. Integration testing relies on outside dependencies, like testing a route in an API that logs in a user and adds their account to a database. These can be tested using a library like supertest. End-to-end tests are the most broad and test the user experience. They can be tested using a library like Cyprus. They rely on users moving their mouse and clicking on different items on the page.

- What is a mock? What are some things you would mock?
Since querying databases or APIs can be expensive and you aren't necessarily looking to test the data returned by those APIs, you may use "mock" data in testing to reduce costs and unexpected behavior while increasing speed.

- What is continuous integration?
It is a software engineering practice where developers push bits of changes to code to an environment with automatic and continuous testing. It allows for bugs to surface and be dealt with before deployment.

- What is an environment variable and what are they used for?
The environment variable sets various parameters for the software to run in with features that affect the database used, the handling of errors, and security. 

- What is TDD? What are some benefits and drawbacks?
Test Driven Development is a practice where developers write tests before they write the code to get the test to pass. It is beneficial because bugs or architectural issues tend to surface earlier, and functions tend to be more modular. Developers have to think ahead more considerately about what their functions should do, leading to better software. It can take a long time to write tests, and some developers may find changes to the early stages of their application to render their tests unnecessary. 

- What is the value of using JSONSchema for validation?
It allows developers to check for very specific and varied validation criteria for data passed into a database. It provides very specific data parameters and allows for data consistency in an application.

- What are some ways to decide which code to test?
A developer may decide to focus on functions/paths that are core to the product and ensure they are working. They may also decide to focus on edge cases in the software or programs that are extremely complex. They may decide to aim for very broad coverage and test every function and every path. I would consider my time constraints and business needs, prioritizing tests that ensure core functionality is being met with edge case coverage that also provides parameters for expected behavior of complex functions.

- What does `RETURNING` do in SQL? When would you use it?
In functions that insert something to a database, SQL does not return the new insertion by default. `RETURNING` is used to return the new object (or anything a developer prefers). 

- What are some differences between Web Sockets and HTTP?
Both are used as protocols for delivering information and data between servers and clients. HTTP is based primarily on a request/response cycle with the connection closed between each delivery. Web sockets, on the other hand, remain continuously connected in a bidirectional opening; it does not require a user to refresh a page to see new posted data. 

- Did you prefer using Flask over Express? Why or why not (there is no right
  answer here --- we want to see how you think about technology)?
Both have their advantages and disadvantages. Writing in one language makes the transition more seamless, with one set of commands to learn for starting a server. Managing virtual environments is challenging and easier to do in Node than in Flask, which I like. I appreciate the use of middleware in Express.
